After two deaths,
and one of them is in Bangkok.
CCSA of Bangkok has released new measures.
Since declaring 3 areas in Bangkok
to be highly restricted area ...
Finally, we are at the end of the game.
After I got God Slayer,
let's hit their base.
Shit! I'm on the ground.
Don't worry,
I'm sure my friend, Porjade will finish this game with victory.
There it is! Nice!
Nice! Hit it! Hit!
As you can see,
I've been winning 20 rounds in a row.
I'm sure I will be invited to play in professional league soon.
So wicked!
That was dench.
Don't forget to press like, share and follow,
and most importantly,
please don't forget to send me some stars.
I don't think that it was good. He such a noob.
He always got carried by his friend.
What the heck?
A famous guy.
How dare you?
Is he messing with me?
Hello. What's up?
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
So why did you post a comment like that.
You made me look bad.
It's true, you're such a noob.
Many people agree with me.
He always got carried by his friend.
But it's not a right thing
to post comments on my chat like that.
What do you want me to do?
Delete it?
Isn't it too late?
How about this?
Let's do a match.
What match?
1 vs 1 match.
If I win,
you have to apologise to me in my live.
Bring it on!
What if I win?
So, you win.
Nah.
The winner can demand 3 things. Anything.
Okay?
Alright.
Shit! Did I just lose?
Boss Bosso said that you are in a relationship. Review now.
Accept or Decilne?
What the heck? Are you insane?
Make your face link these emojis.
Do it properly.
This is the best I can do.
So it will look like the emojis.
You look like a goby.
Are you bullying me?
I won't do it anymore
I'm sorry.
You're such a baby.
Oh, don't forget to post the clip.
I said I don't want to post it.
You have to.
The first rule is we must post a clip together everyday.
Fine.
I don't want to do it again.
My eyes got blurry.
Looking at screen got your eyes blurred,
but can I get your number from looking at your face?
Definitely not.
Ask anything about me.
What is your name?
How old are you?
Are your single?
I'm not single.
I'm seeing someone.
Such a cutie.
867 comments
Who is this guy? Don't tell me it's Boss' boyfriend.
Boss is showing his boyfriend off.
Very cute.
Why there are so many comments?
Actually, it is a good thing.
I might get famous and become a TikTok star.
Or should I be an influencer?
What?
No. No. No. No.
Did you like it?
Nope
Who told you that we are seeing each other?
We are nothing.
You are making me sad.
Whatever.
Just say your last demand, quickly,
so I can stop talking to you.
Why are you so mean?
I don't want to this since the beginning, do I?
Another thing is I'm going to ...
wash my clothes.
What? Who wash his clothes at this time?
I have lots of clothes.
Just let me know your demand later.
Just a second.
Accept this first, so we can go.
Boss Bosso said that you are in a relationship.
Accept or Decline?
What the hack?
Accpet or Decline?
Are you insane?
There's no way I'm accepting it.
If you won't accept it,
I guess we would have to keep talking like this.
Oh, when you are sleeping,
you have yo leave on our video call.
According to the second rule.
What the heck?
You awake, sleepyhead?
Yeah
Sleeping without a shirt on,
you might get pimples on your back.
Little carp.
What little carp?
This is mackerel.
Why did you call me?
If it's a about that thing,
there's no way I'm accepting it.
Nah,
I called for you to exercise with me.
What exercise?
Well, seeing your body today...
you shoud do some exercises.
Let's go.
Stop showing off your body.
I'm not showing off.
I do this everyday.
Do you exercise?
Is your internet disconnected?
Hello?
Yeah.
I'll go take a shower.
Wait.
Take the camera to the shower with you.
You are sick!
I like the moon I'm with you.
What's wrong?
When will you do my last demand?
Are you crazy?
Seriously,
Is it normal sending a relationship request to people?
Also, forcing them to do a video call all the time?
It's very creepy.
Get up and talk to me.
What's up? I'm going to take a shower and go to bed.
Can we talk like this everyday?
Why?
I want to know you...
a little bit more?
Why do you want to know me?
Well
I've a crush on you for so long.
I'm still shaking from actually get to talk with you.
Don't exaggerate.
So... can we talk like this everyday?
Well.....
Okay.